Installation instructions for MacOS (#1)
psychoinformatics-de/fairly-big-processing-workflow-tutorial: README.md

## Software requirements for automatic recomputation

Software requirements for the worflow are described in details [here](https://github.com/psychoinformatics-de/fairly-big-processing-workflow#software-requirements).

If you're not planning to use any job scheduling / batch processing system (e.g. [HTCondor](https://research.cs.wisc.edu/htcondor/), [SLURM](https://slurm.schedmd.com/documentation.html)), but would simply like to run the example below, make sure to have the following software installed:

> - [DataLad](http://www.datalad.org): Please make sure that you have installed a recent version of DataLad (`0.14.3` or higher), as well as recent versions of its dependencies (git, `2.24.0` or higher; git-annex, `8.20*` or higher). Installation instructions are available at: [http://handbook.datalad.org](http://handbook.datalad.org/en/latest/intro/installation.html#install). While there are many ways of installing DataLad, doing it via [Conda](http://handbook.datalad.org/en/latest/intro/installation.html#conda) is the most convenient one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [DataLad](http://www.datalad.org): Please make sure that you have installed a recent version of DataLad (`0.14.3` or higher), as well as recent versions of its dependencies (git, `2.24.0` or higher; git-annex, `8.20*` or higher). Installation instructions are available at: [http://handbook.datalad.org](http://handbook.datalad.org/en/latest/intro/installation.html#install).
```

I would probably cut this - it is true for some systems, but I wouldn't want to force e.g. a ``pip`` user to get a separate ``conda`` environment, or a Windows user to fight with two separate Python installations.

Author: Yes, I agree.

- [Singularity](https://sylabs.io/docs/): In principle, no specific version of Singularity is required. If you're not sure what version to use, simply install the most recent one. Installation instructions can be found [here](https://sylabs.io/docs/).

Make sure to have your [Git identity](http://handbook.datalad.org/en/latest/intro/installation.html#initial-configuration) set up.

## Installation tips for MacOS

> It is not possible to run the workflow natively on MacOS because Singularity is currently [incompatible](https://sylabs.io/guides/3.8/admin-guide/installation.html#installation-on-windows-or-mac) with this system.
> 
> Therefore, using a virtual machine is currently the only available option for MacOS users. It is recommended to use [VirtualBox](https://www.virtualbox.org) and (optionally) [Vagrant](https://www.vagrantup.com) software. This software can be installed via [Homebrew](https://brew.sh) package manager.

Reviewer: I would probably phrase this a bit less like "your OS is not supported" and rather like "here is how you do it". Below is a potential suggestion:

```suggestion
An installation of [Singularity on MacOS(https://sylabs.io/guides/3.8/admin-guide/installation.html#installation-on-windows-or-mac) requires using a virtual machine. It is recommended to use [VirtualBox](https://www.virtualbox.org) and (optionally) [Vagrant](https://www.vagrantup.com) software. This software can be installed via [Homebrew](https://brew.sh) package manager.
```

Author: Sounds good. :)

```
$ brew install --cask virtualbox && \
    brew install --cask vagrant && \
    brew install --cask vagrant-manager
```

The easiest way to start is to browse the [public Vagrant box catalog](https://app.vagrantup.com/boxes/search) for a Vagrant box matching your use case. Here, a box can be undestood as a base image of an operating system environment.

First, create and enter a directory to be used with your virtual machine:

```
$ mkdir vm-tutorial && \
    cd vm-tutorial
```

Next, issue the following commands to bring up your virtual machine. Please substitute the value of the `$VM` variable with a name of your Vagrant box (`debian/buster64` in this example):

```
$ export VM=debian/buster64 && \
    vagrant init $VM && \
    vagrant up && \
    vagrant ssh
```

> Make sure to allocate enough memory for your virtual machine. This can be done by editing the `vb.memory` parameter in the corresponding Vagrantfile (Vagrant configuration file). This file is automaticaly created in you virtual machine's directory.

Reviewer: Naive question: Do I need to do this before or after starting the VM?

Author: I believe this needs to be done once the VM is [initialised](https://www.vagrantup.com/docs/cli/init), so after:
```
$ export VM=debian/buster64 && \
    vagrant init $VM
```

There's a possibility that you need to take your VM down and up again for the configuration changes to be applied.

Reviewer: ok, cool. Do you want to add this, or refer to the docs for it?

> Lastly, install the required software, as described in the ["Software requirements for automatic recomputation"](#software-requirements-for-automatic-recomputation) section above.

Reviewer: Probably worthwhile to note something like 
```suggestion
Lastly, install the required software, as described in the ["Software requirements for automatic recomputation"](#software-requirements-for-automatic-recomputation) section above in your VM, as if your operating system was Linux.
```

Author: Agree, I would only split it into smaller chunks like so:

```suggestion
Lastly, install the required software in your VM, as if your operating system was Linux. Please follow instructions described in the ["Software requirements for automatic recomputation"](#software-requirements-for-automatic-recomputation) section above.
```

Reviewer: cool, sounds great!

> Please note, that the Singularity community maintains [a set of Vagrant boxes](https://app.vagrantup.com/boxes/search?page=1&provider=&q=sylabs&sort=downloads&utf8=✓) too. These boxes have Singularity software already included and ready to use.

Reviewer: Maybe this paragraph can move upwards, or become a footnote of the section 
> Please substitute the value of the `$VM` variable with a name of your Vagrant box (`debian/buster64` in this example
?

Author: It could become a footnote.

The intended meaning was: "If you wan't to spare yourself trouble of installing Singularity by yourself, this is the way to go."

Reviewer: > The intended meaning was: "If you wan't to spare yourself trouble of installing Singularity by yourself, this is the way to go."

Makes sense! its probably just fair to link to this upfront, so that people that do want to spare themselves the trouble know about this right away.
